release-cloud: update pingcap.com links to tidb.io links (#20643)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/integrate-tidbcloud-with-n8n.md

### Limitations

> - Normally only one SQL statement is allowed in the **Execute SQL** operation. If you want to execute more than one statement in a single operation, you need to manually enable [`tidb_multi_statement_mode`](https://docs.tidb.io/tidbcloud/system-variables#tidb_multi_statement_mode-new-in-v4011).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Normally only one SQL statement is allowed in the **Execute SQL** operation. If you want to execute more than one statement in a single operation, you need to manually enable [`tidb_multi_statement_mode`](/system-variables.md#tidb_multi_statement_mode-new-in-v4011).
```
